Then why don't you stay?
I'm afraid I won't find you when you wake up.
Okay? Then let me come out,
Things will be fine.
What do you do if you know what you know?
listened to him.
Do you want to go and avenge your mother?
I said it all.
As long as you are obedient.
Promise to take responsibility for the crime.
This money will be given to the family.
Why are you not so courageous?
Not so brave. Fake screen.
What qualifications do you have? Read.
Borrow borrow borrow.
How do you talk?
Mom is doing it for your own good too
That's your mother
not us
Why are you hurt? Boy, teach me.
Why are you so poisonous?
Don't forget that
Your mother is still in the hospital asking for help, understand?
you can get it wrong
I've definitely made a mistake
disappoint you
But there are no million, sister
Where did you get this money from?
This is similar to the female officer Song Anren
You'd better think about it carefully
How to save your own life?
What if I say
I have your little building in my hands.